Now we fixed the car more tests, but just tests are failing and the failing reason is the same.
This dependency we are using right now is typical and is undefined from just test module, so there
is no provider for it.
So it's failing to inject that typical end to this component when it is trying to initialize this one.
So just like fixing it in the sign up component spec test, we are going to do the similar thing in
sign up component, just us and we are going to do this in the render function.
So like here in the render, we are passing the component, but it's similar to the the one in the sign
up component spec.
It's right here.
We can also add additional imports or declarations like we do here in this render as well.
So here is the second parameter.
We can pass an object and in this object we have the option for the imports and in the imports we are
importing HTP client testing module.
And we need to repeat this in each of these tests.
Instead of repeating, we can have a function.
Like, let's say, set up.
And we can do that in this setup.
And this is async function because we are using a weight and here we are going to await setup and we
will do the same thing.
In the other renders render lines like in vs code.
We can select this matching lines with the control dx.
So just hitting control D to get the matching ones and pasting it set up.
Saving it.
And again, the last one is failing because we are spying on the Fed.
Functionality.
We will fix that.
But you may be asking why we didn't do this in the Carmen test.
In Carmen test.
We didn't need to do this because it it is already being done in this before each function.
So this is running before each of the each of these tests.
So like this is repeated for each test and we can do the same thing in the in this just as well.
We can have a before each here and we can put this into that one.
But having a setup function has its advantages and we will see that in one of the tests in future.
For the car test, I will be replaced before each with a setup function and I will call that one in
each of the tests and there is a use case for that one.
But until that I'm not going to do that.
I'm not going to refactor this part, but we will do that when it has meaning.
So we have this setup function and we are calling this one in each of these tests.
And let's fix the last one now, just like we did in again in this test, we will use the.
The Mississippi testing controller.
So just removing the SPI pasting this one.
But we need to import testbed and also we need to import HTP testing controller.
And.
Here we have the request and request body parts.
So we have the request and that's the request.
But let's copy expect part as well.
So like this.
So we are using the same approach here because the functionality is now dependent on the HTTP client.
And in test we can have this testing controller to check how it's working in the application.
So let's save this one.
This is failing because the order is important for this one.
In in the the calmatters we did this in the first line and that was fine because before running this
line, before each was running and it was creating the module, but now we are dependent onto this setup.
So like we need to do this after setup.
Let's save this.
And here we can see the tests are passing.